# Ecommerce Website
This project is a comprehensive e-commerce web application for selling shoes, developed using React, Node.js, and MongoDB. The website includes various categories such as boots, outdoor, and sneakers. Users can browse products, add items to their cart, place orders, and leave reviews. Admin users have access to an exclusive dashboard where they can manage users and orders, as well as add, update, or delete products. All data is stored in MongoDB, except for product images, which are stored in Cloudinary. 
Please note that all products are fictional, and the images were generated by AI.

## Prerequisites
You will need the following things properly installed on your computer.

<ul>
<li>Git</li> 
<li>Node.js (with NPM)</li>
</ul>

## Installation
<ul>
<li><code>git clone https://github.com/serdaryld/ecommerce</code></li>
<li><code>cd ecommerce</code></li>
<li><code>./backend npm install</code></li>
<li><code>./frontend npm install</code></li>
</ul>

## Configurations
To ensure your application runs correctly, you need to set up some configuration settings. Add the following information to your `.env` file, which should be located in the backend folder, replacing the placeholders with your actual values:

<ul>
<li><strong>CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME</strong>: Enter your Cloudinary cloud name here.</li>
<li><strong>CLOUDINARY_API_KEY</strong>: Enter your Cloudinary API key here.</li>
<li><strong>CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET</strong>: Enter your Cloudinary API secret key here.</li>
<li><strong>JWT_SECRET</strong>: Enter your secret key for JWT (JSON Web Token) here.</li>
<li><strong>MONGODB_URI</strong>: Enter your MongoDB connection string here. This will be used for database connections.</li>
</ul>

## Running
To run this project:

<ul>
<li><code>./backend npm start</code></li>
<li><code>./frontend npm start</code></li>
</ul>

## Deployment
This project is hosted on the Render platform. You can access the live application using the following link: 
https://ecommerce-xwbx.onrender.com/


